gaza's Hamas run Health Ministry says
that more than 80 Palestinians have been
killed and many more injured over the
last day of Israeli air strikes on parts
of Central and Southern Gaza Israeli
missiles struck the nerat refugee camp
in the center of the Gaza Strip
destroying a mosque and a un run school
where many people were Sheltering two
weeks of intensified bombardment as
claimed the lives of hundreds of
civilians as Israel says that it is
targeting leading members of Hamas that
it believes are responsible for the
October 7th Terror attacks several areas
that Israel had designated safe zones
for civilians have been struck in recent
days leaving ever fewer options for
displaced
Palestinians anger in the midst of
mourning the human cost is undeniable if
the death toll quoted by Hamas is
accurate this was one of the single most
deadly attacks since the start of the
war carried out in an area designated by
Israel as a safe Zone the target Hamas
military commander Muhammad deif an
alleged Mastermind of the October 7th
Hamas Terror attacks he's been on
Israel's most wanted list for years and
has survived multiple assassination
attempts Hamas says deif escaped this
attack too Israel has vowed not to end
the war until it has destroyed hamas's
military capabilities and that includes
killing its leaders in targeted
attacks eliminating the Hamas leadership
advances all our goals the elimination
of Hamas the release of our hostages the
removal of a future threat for Israel
from Gaza and our goals on other fronts
too but is that true aside from the high
civilian death toll from the attack
Hamas has already lined up a replacement
for deif if he is
killed Israel has used targ Ted attacks
for years earlier this year DA's Deputy
Maan Issa was assassinated in
Gaza the Israeli military has also
targeted Hamas allies Hezbollah and Iran
in April one attack singled out the
Iranian Consulate in the Syrian Capital
Damascus among the dead top Iranian
General Muhammad Raza
sahi it triggered outrage in
tran the attack on a diplomatic location
tantamount to an attack on Iranian soil
in response Iran fired more than 100
missiles and drones at Israel raising
fears of an allout Regional War but most
of the missiles were shot down and a
further escalation
avoided meanwhile this latest targeted
attack in Gaza is likely to complicate
efforts to reach a ceasefire and
negotiate the release of hostages
all right I want to pull in now military
analyst Marina Maron she is with the war
studies department at King's College in
London Marina in Al maasi Israel's Army
tried to kill a Hamas top official ended
up of course causing dozens of Civilian
casualties instead how can things like
that happen with an army that is so well
equipped is it due to a a lack of
accurate intelligence or is the Weaponry
simply not precise
enough good evening brand well there can
be a multitude of reasons because
essentially the battlefield as it is is
very chaotic so yes um as you have
already noted there is a possibility
that there was a wrong intelligence that
Muhammad Dave was in this Camp therefore
the Israelis targeted it um taking into
account uh High civilian casualties as
collateral damage because the importance
of the military objective in this case
would be quite high and therefore they
decided to go ahead with this operation
there is a possibility that the
intelligence was correct but Muhammed
daif also has his intelligence on the
ground uh and perhaps got to know that
there will be a strike on the camp and
had escaped so uh another possibility of
course uh was it the actual Target and
from what it seems it was an actual
Target why was an unguided bomb used um
there are also different um perspectives
on that and the list is not exhaustive
um of course they cheaper but if you're
using a Precision platform to deliver it
you still can um get the accuracies that
you're looking for and of course it
depends on the Target and that and the
effect you're seeking to achieve so um
from what we know there are still a lot
of questions and I think there will be
an investigation in into this whole
matter and what actually happened and
why specific weapons were used on that
specific location the IDF says that
about half of the leadership of hamas's
military Wing about half of the
leadership have now been eliminated I
I'm wondering aren't these Hamas
officials aren't they simply being
replaced and being replaced
swiftly so um what we're talking about
here is a so-called approach of targeted
killings and this has been going on not
just now um Israel has been doing it for
many years trying to eliminate uh key
Hamas leaders and hope to um eradicate
the hamas's military Wing however as a
practice has shown um Hamas has been
able to regenerate itself which calls
into
question it's more like a Hydra this
this whole organization which you know
you capitated and it it grows a new head
instead and this is what seems to be
happening here so to what extent these
targeted killings are effective um
remains questionable here military
analyst Marina Marone as always Marina
we appreciate your time and your
valuable analysis thank
you thank you for having me